Add release notes for 8.0.1 (#5000)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/releasenotes/8.0.1.rst

8.0.1
-----

Security
========

Update FreeType used in binary wheels to `2.10.4`_ to fix CVE-2020-15999_:

  - A heap buffer overflow has been found  in the handling of embedded PNG bitmaps,
    introduced in FreeType version 2.6.

      https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-15999

    If you use option ``FT_CONFIG_OPTION_USE_PNG`` you should upgrade immediately.

> Before Pillow 8.0.0 bitmap fonts were disabled with ``FT_LOAD_NO_BITMAP``, but it is not
> clear if this prevents the exploit and we recommend updating to Pillow 8.0.1.

Reviewer: "Before Pillow 8.0.0" sounds a bit confusing to me.

I think it would be best to split this into two parts, one stating that 8.0.0 is vulnerable, and one stating that <=7.2.0 might also be.

How is the following formulation?
```suggestion
We strongly recommend updating to Pillow 8.0.1 if you are using Pillow 8.0.0, which improved support for bitmap fonts.

In Pillow 7.2.0 and earlier bitmap fonts were disabled with ``FT_LOAD_NO_BITMAP``, but it is not
clear if this prevents the exploit and we recommend updating to Pillow 8.0.1.
```

> Pillow 8.0.0 and earlier are potentially vulnerable releases, including the last release

Reviewer 2: Technically speaking, it is only Pillow 2.9.0 onwards that are potentially vulnerable. Freetype 2.6 wasn't available before that.

Reviewer: Also, `FT_LOAD_NO_BITMAP` was added in Pillow 2.8.0, before the release of FreeType 2.6, in #1072.
